# Security Analytics

This module allows to manage the analysis of the security events logs and generate alerts based on the defined rules. It provides a set of tools to create, edit, and manage the decoders, integrations, filters, KVDBs, detectors and rules and test the logs against the defined integrations in logtest.

The feature is provided by the [wazuh-dashboard-security-analytics](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-security-analytics) plugin, that is based in the OpenSearch Dashboards plugin and adapted to our requirements. This is included in the distribution of the Wazuh dashboard.

# Glossary

## Log

A log is a raw message that is generated by an application or system collected by a Wazuh agent and sent to the Wazuh manager.

## Event

An event is a log that has been parsed and tagged by the decoders.

Store: `wazuh-events` data stream.

## Finding

A finding is an alert that has been generated by a detector based on the defined rules from an event. This has information about the event and the rule that generated it.

Store: `wazuh-findings` data stream.

## Integration

An integration represents the ability to analize logs of an application or log type. This contains a set of decoders, KVDBs and rules.

Store: `wazuh-threatintel-integrations` index.

The `space.name` field indicates the space ID belonging to the integration.

Integration has the following properties:
| Property | Description |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `name` | The name of the integration. |
| `category` | The category of the integration. |
| `author` | The author of the integration. |
| `enabled` | Indicates if the integration is enabled or not. |
| `description` | A description of the integration. |
| `documentation` | A link to the documentation of the integration. |
| `references` | A list of references related to the integration. |
| `supports` | A list of supported log types, applications or versions. |

Integration categories:

- **Access Management**: Integrations related to the management of access to systems and applications, such as user access, authentication, and group management.
- **Applications**: Integrations related to the analysis of application logs, such as application lyfecicle, API and web resources activities.
- **Cloud Services**: Integrations related to the analysis of cloud services logs, such as services managed by cloud providers.
- **Network Activity**: Integrations related to the analysis of network activity logs, such as DNS, HTTP, Email, SSH, FTP, DHCP, RPD.
- **System Activity**: Integrations related to the analysis of system logs, such as system monitoring logs.
- **Security**: Integrations related to the analysis of security logs, such as security-related logs and events.
- **Others**: Integrations that do not fit in the previous categories.

## Filter

A filter is a set of conditions that allows to exclude events based on specific criteria of the analysis flow.

Store: `wazuh-threatintel-filters` index.

Filter has the following properties:
| Property | Description |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `name` | The name of the filter. |
| `description` | A description of the filter. |
| `type` | The type of the filter. It can be `pre-filter` or `post-filter`. |
| `enabled` | Indicates if the filter is enabled or not. |
| `check expression` | The check expression that defines the conditions of the filter. |
| `author` | The author of the filter. |
| `documentation` | A link to the documentation of the filter. |
| `references` | A list of references related to the filter. |

Document mapping reference: https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-indexer-plugins/blob/main/plugins/setup/src/main/resources/templates/content/filters.json

# Enrichment

An enrichment is a set of conditions that allows to add information to the events based on specific criteria of the analysis flow.

Store: `wazuh-threatintel-enrichments` index.

Enrichment has the following properties:
| Property | Description |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
TBD

Document mapping reference: https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-indexer-plugins/blob/main/plugins/setup/src/main/resources/templates/content/ioc.json

## Decoder

A decoder is a set of rules that allows to parse the logs and extract the relevant information and tag them.

Store: `wazuh-threatintel-decoders` index.

This is attached to an integration.

Decoder has the following properties:
| Property | Description |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `name` | The name of the decoder. |
| `enabled` | Indicates if the decoder is enabled or not. |
| `metadata.title` | The title of the decoder. |
| `metadata.description` | A description of the decoder. |
| `metadata.author` | The author of the decoder. |
| `metadata.documentation` | A link to the documentation of the decoder. |
| `metadata.references` | A list of references related to the decoder. |
| `metadata.supports` | A list of supported log types, applications or versions. |
| `metadata.date` | The date of the decoder. |
| `metadata.modified` | The date of the last modification of the decoder. |
| `normalization` | The normalization rules of the decoder. This has the `map` and `check` fields. |

## KVDB

A KVDB is a key-value database that allows to store data to be used in the detector rules.

Store: `wazuh-threatintel-kvdbs` index.

This is attached to an integration.

KVDB has the following properties:
| Property | Description |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title` | The title of the KVDB. |
| `description` | A description of the KVDB. |
| `documentation` | A link to the documentation of the KVDB. |
| `references` | A list of references related to the KVDB. |
| `supports` | A list of supported log types, applications or versions. |
| `content` | The content of the KVDB. This is a list of key-value pairs. |

## Rule (detector rule)

A rule is a set of conditions that allows to generate a finding from an event.

Store: `wazuh-threatintel-rules` index.

This is attached to an integration.

Rule has the following properties:
| Property | Description |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `name` | The name of the rule. |
| `description` | A description of the rule. |
| `author` | The author of the rule. |
| `integration` | The integration that the rule belongs to. |
| `level` | The level of the rule. It can be `informational`, `low`, `medium`, `high` or `critical`. |
| `status` | The status of the rule. It can be `experimental`, `test`, or `stable`. |
| `detection` | The detection conditions of the rule. This is a list of conditions that define when the rule is triggered composed of key, operator and value |

## Detector

A detector is a scheduled task that runs the detector rules against the documents stored in a `wazuh-events` data stream and generates the findings that match the conditions defined in the rules.

Store: TODO

Detector has the following properties:
| Property | Description |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `name` | The name of the detector. |
| `description` | A description of the detector. |
| `data source` | The data source of the detector. |
| `rules` | The rules that the detector will run from an integration located in the selected space. |
| `schedule` | The schedule of the detector. This defines the number of minutes, hours, or days the detector will run. |

## Space

A space is a container for the integrations, enrichments and filters.

Store: `wazuh-threatintel-policies` index.

There are four spaces that contain the integrations:

- **Draft** (`draft`): User-defined space that contains the integrations that are being created or edited. They can not be tested or work in the normal usage of the system.
- **Test** (`test`): User-defined space that contains the integrations that can be tested and do not work in the normal usage of the system.
- **Custom** (`custom`): User-defined space that contains the integrations that work in the normal usage of the system and can be tested.
- **Standard** (`standard`): Contains the integrations that are provided by Wazuh and can not be edited or deleted. They work in the normal usage of the system and can be tested.

The data is stored in the `wazuh-threatintel-policies` index with the `space.name` field indicating the space ID.

### Promote

The promotion process allows to move the integrations and filters between the different user spaces. The promotion process is as follows:

**Draft -> Test -> Custom**

# Architecture

The plugin registers multiple apps in the **Security Analytics** category of the Wazuh dashboard sidebar:

- **Overview**: Provides a general overview of the security analytics, including the number of integrations and filters.
- **Decoders**: Allows to create, edit, and manage the decoders that will be used to parse the security events logs.
- **KVDBs**: Allows to create, edit, and manage the KVDBs that will be used to store the information of the security events logs. TODO:
- **Detectors**: Allows to create, edit, and manage the detectors that will be used to analyze the security events logs and generate findings.
- **Rules**: Allows to create, edit, and manage the rules that will be used to analyze the security events logs and generate findings.
- **Logtest**: Allows to test the logs against the defined rules and decoders to verify if the findings are generated correctly.

## Overview

This is the main app of the Security Analytics plugin. It provides a general overview of the space details, including the integrations and filters. The space can be switched using the space selector in the top right corner.

There are three set of actions that can be performed in this app:

- **Space actions**: These actions are related to the space management, such as editing the space details, clearing the space, and promoting the space.
- **Integration actions**: These actions are related to the integration management of the space, such as creating, editing, deleting, inspecting and rearranging the integrations.
- **Filter actions**: These actions are related to the filter management of the space, such as creating, editing, deleting and inspecting the details.

Some actions are only available in some spaces. For example, the promotion action is only available in the Draft and Test spaces.

## Decoders

This app allows to create, edit, and manage the decoders that will be used to parse the security events logs.

## KVDBs

This app allows to create, edit, and manage the KVDBs that will be used to store the information of the security events logs.

## Detectors

This app allows to create, edit, and manage the detectors that will be used to analyze the security events logs and generate findings.

## Rules

This app allows to create, edit, and manage the rules that will be used to analyze the security events logs and generate findings.

## Logtest

This app allows to test the logs against the defined rules and decoders to verify if the findings are generated correctly. The logtest provides a selector for the space, a text area to input the raw log, an text input for the location, a selector for the trace level, optional metadata inputs, a selector to test the integration and a button to run the test. The results of the test are displayed after running the test.

The test is performed in two steps:

- Normalization: decoders and kvdbs
- Detection: rules

# Findings generation

The process of generating findings from the logs can be summarized in the following steps:

- **Log** -> **Decoder** -> **Event** -> **Detector** -> **Rule** -> **Finding**

<!-- TODO: add information about the filters in the process -->
